Notes:

1. Natural pantheons includes deities from both dead and living religions; care was taken to give no preference to living religions but also
to show no disrespect. Alphabetic order by culture is used for sorting.
2. When two pantheons were reputed to have a high degree of overlap, both are listed with native names. Particularly Greek vs. Roman, and Mayan vs. Aztec.
3. Both fantasy and science fiction as genres have grown incalculaby since their advent in the late 19th or early 20th century, not all fictional gods, aliens, "races", etc. will be listed explicitly. Only those from foundational works (Tolkien, Star Trek, etc).
4. The defining characteristic of a "hero" is that he fights monsters on behalf of the pople. This covers both Hercules and Buffy the Vampire Slayer.
5. The defining characteristic of a "villain" is that he puts people in peril through the pursuit of amibitions.

TODO:

1. Need to be able to enumerate both aliens and fantasy races.
2. Need to be able to enumerate both animal-life aliens, and animal-(and monster)-like fantasy races, particularly dragon-men.
3. Dragonlance pantheon is large enough to be listed in "invented pantheons".
4. Fantastic animals needs to include "magically modified" in addition to the other subtypes.
5. Fantastic animals needs to distinguish anthropomorphic animals into three classes: true anthropomorphic (walking upright, at minimum), speaking verbally, and intellectually anthropomorphic (but retaining original shape).
6. Figure out how "monsters" works.
7. Figure out how comic book superheroes work.


<code>7 - The Fantastic
    70 - Gods & Spirits
        700 - Natural Pantheons
        701 - Invented Pantheons
        709 - Generic or Non-specific Deities
    71 - Classic Heroes & Villains
    72 - 
    73 - 
    74 - Inanimates Animated
    75 - Fantastic Animals
        750 - Anthropomorphic Animals
        751xxx - Gigantic Animals
            use [8 - Animals & Organisms](/codes/protag_antag/8.md) for "xxx" with leading "8" removed
        752xxx - Evolved
        753xxx - Mutated
        754xxx - Genetically Modified
        755xxx - Chimeric Animals (mad science, not fantasy or mythological)
        756 - 
        757 - 
    76 - 
    77 - 
    78 - Created Beings
        780 - Clones & Replicants
        781 - Thaumogenic Creatures
            7810 - Golems
            7811 - Homunculi
            7812 - Re-animated Cadavers, Whole
            7813 - Re-animated Cadavers, Piecemeal
        782 - Robots, Androids, & AI
            7820 - Artificial Intelligences (of the "General" sort)
                78200 - Designed, Computationally Universal
                78201 - Designed, Unique Hardware 
                78202 - Designed, Computationally Non-Universal (tied to specific hardware)
                78203 - Grown or "Raised"
                78204 - Uploaded Human/Sapient-Alien Personas
                78205 - Spontaneously Emergent
            7821 - Androids (humanoid-shaped)
                78210 - Electro-mechanical, Obviously Non-Human
                78211 - Electro-mechanical, Indistinguishable from Human
                78212 - Nano-Robotic
                78213 - Nano-Robotic, Variable Morphology
                78214 - Clockwork, Steampunk
                78215 - Other, Obviously Non-Human
                78216 - Other, Indistinguishable from Human
            7822 - Robots (non-humanoid-shaped)
                78220 - Non-mobile
                78221 - Wheeled
                78222 - Legged
                78223 - Animal-shaped
                78224 - Moravec "Bush Robot"
            7823 - Cyborgs (biological tissue, but without human brain)
                78231 - Obviously Non-Human
                78231 - Indistinguishable from Human
    79 - Aliens
</code>
